Guide updates after v.4 release (#280)
fabricjs/fabricjs.com: posts/_posts/2020-05-25-upgrade-guide.md

**Upgrading from v3.x to v4.x** [(v4-breaking-changes)](v4-breaking-changes)

Fabric.js v4.x left beta in August of 2020, and with it came quite a few breaking changes that mostly involve the removal of old methods. Rejoice because most of the breaking changes are small and of simple solution.

> One big change is that the `clipTo` method which was depreciated in v2.4.0 was finally been removed, so if you're still using  `clipTo`  you will need to make the move to using  `clipPath`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One big change is that the `clipTo` method which was deprecated in v2.4.0 has finally been removed, so if you're still using  `clipTo`  you will need to make the move to using  `clipPath`.
```

Author: Just realized I've been misspelling deprecated for ages 😂
